For clearing the cart.
Simple.
We are dispatching does add order.
Action in the end.
Now of course this action is currently handled in our orders reducer but we're not limited to handing
it there.
It's important to understand that every redux actually dispatch reaches every reducer because how would
the action know to which reduce rid belongs.
As I explained earlier it's the reducer that simply tells which actions it cares about and which access
should not be handled.
So the ad order action can also be handled in the card reducer.
Alternatively you could dispatch a separate Clear card action if you wanted to but if you don't need
it anywhere else there's not really a strong reason to create a separate action so we'll just handle
the already existing add order action here in my card reducer There are after handling the remove case
all handled the add order action verdad you just need to make sure you import does add order action
from the actions folder and there from the orders file and now in that case down there we need to clear
the card and that's super simple.
We just need to return our initial state again because initial state and here is of course this object
with an empty card and a total amount of zero.
So I just want to reset this.
Hence this is what I return here.
The result of this is that if I add items to a card here let's say two red shirts and one blue carpet
and I click order.
Now the cards cleared and now we see that order here still.
That's our order.
So that's all we can clear the card.
Let's now make sure the order looks nicer.